# A03
Tutorial on how to use GitHub

The whole idea behind Git is that instead of the old way of having a centralized platform for VCS to work on,  a DVCS like Git allows the users to collaborate through the Distributed Version Control System. GITHUB is the community that utilizes Git to work and ocmmunicate with each other. They create projects, or repositories contailint their codes and progeams that are then shared among the selected peers to be updated, intergrated, and improved by each other at real-time. One may want ot clone a set of codes from a repository to work on it aside from the original repository which is basically a local file, this is especially useful when alot of changed must be made on the side without worrying about accidents. In Git, the functin that acts as a snapshot to retain and store information is the commit command, the commit takes a specific selection and contribute this new command into the whole of the program. The command git branch creates a new line of commits that links to an ancestor commit from before, it is used to branch out the work from the main line of events. You can also merge any branched back into a main branch after changes has been made on the branch and that one would like those changes to be carried into the main branch. There are the push and pull functions in Git that acts to modefy and update a repository, the push command takes updated local or the "cloned" repository, and push it back into the remote repository, while the pull command does the opposite by updating local repositories by fetching any updats made form the remote repository. As the name appplies, a merge conflict is an error in merging two branches due to unexpected incompatibility issues, and one muct resolve whatever issue if they wish to still merge the branches. 
